README.md, before:

# PhoneGap Build App Template

_Copyright (c) 2012 Daniele Veneroni. Released under MIT License._

PhoneGap Build App Template is a template (a ready-to-use project) to create web app and it's formatted to be easly wrapped on a stand-alone application using PhoneGap Build to build app for iOS, Android, Windows Phone, BlackBerry, WebOS and Symbian.

You can easly replace or modify the resources of the project to create your own app.

## Project Structure:

### index.html
Your main page, that's the first page that the app will show when loaded.

### config.xml
The configurations file. See [Using config.xml](https://build.phonegap.com/docs/config-xml) to learn how to personalize yours. It's already formatted with the most common settings.

### icon.png, splash.png
The essential icon and splash screen. These are used only if the the app runs on a device that don't support any of the provided icons or splash screens.

### icons folder
Contains all formats of icons required for the various operative systems.

### splash folder
Contains all formats of splash screens required for the various operative systems.

### lib folder
Contains all the libraries, frameworks, CSS and images needed to the app. Provided frameworks:
* **add2home** - it makes appear a message to allow the user to create a web app container on iOS from the browser version

Commit message:

Add webapp manifest and appcache manifest
* webapp manifest
* appcache manifest
* Firefox OS-ready

README.md, after:

# PhoneGap Build App Template

_Copyright (c) 2012 Daniele Veneroni. Released under MIT License._

PhoneGap Build App Template is a template (a ready-to-use project) to create web app and it's formatted to be easly wrapped on a stand-alone application using PhoneGap Build to build app for iOS, Android, Windows Phone, BlackBerry, WebOS and Symbian.

You can easly replace or modify the resources of the project to create your own app.

## Project Structure:

### index.html
Your main page, that's the first page that the app will show when loaded.

### manifest.webapp
Open Web App manifest, useful if you wish to create a web app for Firefox or Firefox OS.

### manifest.appcache
App cache manifest, useful to declare what resources can be cached and what resources must always reload. It can be used to create an offline web app, or a web Firefox OS app.

### config.xml
The configurations file. See [Using config.xml](https://build.phonegap.com/docs/config-xml) to learn how to personalize yours. It's already formatted with the most common settings.

### icon.png, splash.png
The essential icon and splash screen. These are used only if the the app runs on a device that don't support any of the provided icons or splash screens.

### icons folder
Contains all formats of icons required for the various operative systems.

### splash folder
Contains all formats of splash screens required for the various operative systems.

### lib folder
Contains all the libraries, frameworks, CSS and images needed to the app. Provided frameworks:
* **add2home** - it makes appear a message to allow the user to create a web app container on iOS from the browser version
